Increasing references to AWS Aurora support (#6228)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/sql/dialect-mysql.md

## Supported database versions

> SQL persistence supports [MySQL 5.7](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/relnotes/mysql/5.7/en/) and above including AWS Aurora MySQL. It does not support lower versions due to the use of [JSON Data Type](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/json.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SQL persistence supports [MySQL 5.7](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/relnotes/mysql/5.7/en/) and above, as well as AWS Aurora MySQL. It does not support lower versions due to the use of [JSON Data Type](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/json.html).
```
